hey everybody welcome a foreign land
please the binding of issac afterbirth
Plus and why I said that like an
auctioneer
well hey pretty handsome will you give
me a CD that do anything that is in
greed I do the brains and do the pride
day - that's John Michael Montgomery
sold to the lady in the second row she's
an 8 she's a 9 she's a 10 I know Oh No
VN WD 0 y GF pardon me it's disgusting I
don't pride myself on burping oK we've
been down this road many a time I when I
burp it's a 100% involuntary I will
never push out a voluntary burp live on
camera I hate it we are well I must be
level with you I forgot what the brains
challenge was what it is is you get
three Bob's brain but no tears why can't
you have no Bob's brain but three tears
I think that this run is largely and
remember I've played it for about 35
seconds so far but I think it's largely
dependent on what kind of rooms we get
if we get rooms with a lot of enemies
who rush us down bad time to be us if we
get rooms with like single enemies that
that aren't really that mobile I'm
relatively unconcerned say it like the
less enemies on a room the better and
the slower those enemies are the better
but dude we actually crushed Ragman
there which is not a common occurrence
do we get red hearts we do not wear blue
baby as well all right noted I'm not
gonna care at all about the curse room
this run goes all the way by the way I
kind of like that although you might
think that it's in elegant I kind of
like that the harder challenges in the
game seem to go further works the
opposite of the way that you would
normally expect and again I think I
think I appreciate that because it's
backwards and then sometimes so am I so
I'll use a bomb just to check you know
what with this much HP I will actually
use HP to go and check
this is a tough one I don't think the
poop is that good as far as the spacebar
item goes I do think seven seals is well
worth it though
but I don't think taking both I think
was too dangerous
I was kind of hoping we'd get like I
think we did get a better spacebar item
than the poop we just couldn't afford to
take it because the the passive item was
even better seven seals is like I think
I under eight it just because I'm
skeptical of new items but it really is
like not necessarily a ten out of ten
but good enough to be excited about
getting even at a cost of three spirit
arts which is normally fairly
prohibitive come on come on
thank plus when enemies are rushing is
down like that it gives us a way out
we do have to be wary though because
there are like the war flies explode so
we're kind of looking for like do all
the flies explode we're kind of looking
for like a 10 out of 10 defensive item
for example if we could get like luck
plus gimpy luck is the most worthwhile
upgrade we could ever choose speed could
be as good as luck it's the luckiest
stuff Ritson see up I'm a little cheesed
by the way about how is it started um
thank you just less war please less war
the pajamas are 10 out of 10 here less
war more death we got so many exploding
flies that we had basically no chance to
avoid I wasn't joking by the way like
speed upgrades actually really thought
we had strafed far enough speed upgrades
could be all important for us who lose
clothes as well luck is actually not all
important until we get given as
operating under the assumption that's a
guarantee which it obviously isn't but
yeah this challenge is also no joke if I
remember correctly we might have had to
do this one a few times at least a
couple of times when afterbirth came out
but that's not bad actually burnt penny
giving us
burnt penny giving us a chance to get
bombs whenever we pick up any money is
fairly solid we can use those bombs for
combat related circumstances because
sometimes we're not going to once what a
whiff sometimes we're not gonna want to
spend Bob's brain because Bob's brain
will kill us just to exist that's a hit
come on I will check this quickly it's a
bit of a tough call honestly I'm gonna
go with a humbling bundle cuz I think
the amount of money it will give us long
term is really good but a spirit heart
and a key and the one tool three let's
go no but a spirit heart and a key and
whatever that tarot card was could have
been like really nice as well but when
in doubt tend to err on the side maybe
of help me it's war so be careful but I
tend to err on the side of the long term
upgrade I think it's all worth it for
that single black heart there just watch
out cuz this fly is rigged to explode
what's funny is that actually a lot of
these bosses are a lot easier as a
result of our loadout the triple Bob's
brain saw the triple Bob's brain setup
but it is frustrating when you more
severe at heart sadly it is frustrating
when you run out of Bob's brains and
you're like well but did a lot of damage
now I just got to sit back and wait for
anything at all I guess we're on the
caves too though five minutes in so
that's a pretty easy indication that
this runs popping off do we control
seven seals I've never actually thought
about it like maybe no answer my own
question I thought maybe we could keep
ourselves like permanently Conquest it
up does not appear so because even
though we've done nothing there we
haven't we have changed the horsemen or
rather the horsemen has changed so I'm
assuming it's just like an interval
thing we should not have stepped on that
I wasn't even thinking about it until
after it happened but definitely should
not have stepped on that I still think
that as good as this run might look
right now in the fact though we're going
very fast you're not wrong the the Run
has a life expectancy unless we can get
some way to generate spirit hearts so
you know on the last run we had this
book of revelations that we never used
if we could just like green sea through
time and perhaps come back to that run
and grab the Book of Revelations bring
it into this run it started to feel a
lot more confident I think about my my
chances of success
but as of right now I don't think we're
like close to failure I mean literally
we don't have a lot of tolerance before
things are gonna start to look pretty
bad but I think we got a reasonable
amount of time before things become
truly terrible that's the dream at least
[Music]
don't step on those like if we could get
a deal with the devil on this floor that
gave us
Abaddon plus gimpy that would be good
why Abaddon well Abaddon is like an
engine that's gonna hurt oh my god the
ideal death card at exactly the right
time
whoo Abaddon allows us to pay for that
deal without dying which we presently do
not have the ability to do so it would
be nice thank you for the spirit heart
buddy I really appreciate that it's just
what I needed
I mean it's someone I don't remember the
rest of the lyrics when it comes to cars
songs I was always more of like a here
in my car this is not by the cars it's
by Gary Numan but not the Gary new men
who made Garry's Mod doot doot doot doot
doot doot here in my mod I can play prop
UNT's trouble in terrorist town
there's myriad games in my mod
doo-doo-doo-doo anyway that's a
roundabout joke about the existence of
Garry's Mod apparently I don't have
anything against Garry's Mod if I said
you had a nice mud would you hold it
against me
[Music]
I don't like that good shot good shot
good shot we should probably wait until
we get at least one Bob's brain back
there we go
all right dude those two I mean we've
got 13 bombs we might as well check some
of these little opportunities over here
for anything at all really spirit arts
primarily this is not a run in which
we're looking to really ball out of
control there are items that would fit
the bill for us like if we could get we
can get any kind of sad bombs for
example dude the Harbinger is crushing
it I don't know why I said any kind of
sad bombs if we can get the item
literally known as sad bombs that would
be nice I will take Guppies tail I don't
really know why even as I was picking it
up I was saying to myself why would you
do this especially not having you know
really confidence and going to the curse
rooms it seems like a little bit of a
bizarre choice but here we are here we
all are
okay straight up I think you have to
consider that 18 bombs might be enough
for all we need for the rest of the game
with all these bombs brains that we have
on the other hand our holy mantle
trinket that gives us one protection per
floor once we get down to the womb of
which there are two Sheol and then dark
room that could be worth four spirit
hearts in and of itself not to mention
like what it's protecting us from on
this floor we've already been hit once
so it only gives you the protection once
per floor but still that's pretty good I
guess the idea of giving you thunder
thighs is that now that I think about it
at least you're probably supposed to use
thunder thighs are sorry you're probably
posed to use the poop to block enemies
from hitting you but then you can't trap
yourself in the corner with it because
they give you the
thunder thighs to step on it I think I
think I understand where I'm starting to
understand at least I'm not really using
it like that I'm using it more like you
use Wooden Nickel in a keeper run for
better or for worse well it's quite a
lot of money
BFF would be an okay pickup
apart from that I'm still working
obviously pyro
pyromaniac rather is like Tanana ten
Maggie's faith or the prayer card yes
it's one spear at our per floor that's
at something combine that with the
effects of our like pseudo holy mantle
here and we're cooking with gas right so
we got Tammy's head Tammy's head means
almost nothing for us right now
justice strength
High Priestess Tammy's head versus
jarrah flies I think you gotta go jar
flies I know we went with this on our
last round as well but run Oh as long as
we can be in it it definitely appears
like we can as long as we can use jar of
flies with Bob's brain like Bob's brain
going off triggers jar flies then I
think we're good
please don't make any more of those
thank you and by good I mean we'll
survive a floor anything beyond that is
kind of like gravy at this point but I'm
not gonna go to the secret earth sorry
to the curse room it's just not the
right call I think we could do so for a
half spirit art by using the strength
card but even then the I I think like
half a spirit art might be a little too
valuable to justify and these challenges
I kind of I got lacks today's achill I
think at the the end of the rebirth
challenges I was like most of these are
pretty easy they are no longer pretty
easy every ever
single one of them is bringing like its
own unique brand the heat it's like I'm
on hot ones people sometimes ask NL
would you go on hot ones the show with
hot questions and even hotter wings why
not you know it seems like a fun and
affable time now I will say the time for
me to be on hot ones was probably season
1 cuz they're getting like their book
and big stars now I got no chance and
I'm aware of that fact fundamentally
speaking but they ever do like a like a
baby hot ones like like the host takes
six months off but they still want to
continue to keep the revenue stream open
keep me in mind you know I think I'd be
a good interview I I'll answer your
questions honestly and I'm not afraid to
buy back my man plus I don't back down
from the spice am i a spice Lord can't
take it oh well no we can't take it I
was getting it confused with contract
from below I'm not a chilly head as they
say I do like hot sauce that's not a
concern and I'm not like I eat white
rice and I go can I get this in a mild
you could bring me a glass of coconut
milk please
but certainly I'm not like a I love you
open my pantry you've got Dave's you
know butthole cleanser that's not the
case
but I don't back down from a little hot
sauce actually again because I've told
every story I've ever had in my entire
life on this show already you may have
heard this one already but one time
Michael al Fox and I may have been a
little bit under the influence but we
went to a bar that had a wing night and
it was like 1:00 p.m. but went to a bar
that had a wing 24-hour period
apparently or I guess and they were like
hey for like 15 bucks it's
all-you-can-eat wings so as long as you
continue to give us empty plates we'll
continue to give you more chicken wings
like six at a time to your desired level
of spice so I got six hot wings a dove
no problem I was like any chance you can
make them like extra spicy and they're
like sure no problem
came out eight six more of them I'm not
gonna say no problem because I don't
recall I'm assuming again a certain
level of the chemical concentration and
my bloodstream may have affected that to
some degree do as I say not as I do and
then I sent them back and I was
like give me the hottest wings you have
and Michael al Fox was not there
actually but he organized the whole
get-together another mutual friend of
ours was there he was just shaking his
head probably because I'm an idiot and
then they brought out something that
basically smelled like you know police
grade pepper spray and they came back
and they're like how is it and it was
like it was good
oh very nice but yeah I didn't finish
that plate it was it was not very good
because it was poison deliberately is
I'm not blaming them it was pretty much
my own fault 100% I just couldn't leave
well enough alone
[Music]
well we have 81 cents so I will buy a
champion belt I will buy this I will buy
the compass I will buy this card and are
we on we are on the dentist too so we
actually could cheat our way out of boss
rush and honestly that has my hopes up
because boss rush is probably like our
best opportunity to get a crack at an
item that would change the game for us
because you get four pedestal well you
actually you could get two to eight
pedestals rather I'm still stoked to be
getting damage upgrades even though they
might seem inconsequential I'm assuming
that there's a chance that the flies
from seven seals break it please what's
in the world thank you
there's a chance that those flies
inherit that damage in some direction
some capacity I should say also there's
my own flies from jar of flies which
definitely do as well we're not
generating too many and the reason we're
not generating too many is because
honestly like the harbingers are too
good as long as we're talking about like
quality problems to have
I basically just need the Dodge and the
harbingers we'll figure out the rest
here a font ten out of ten I know I've
been saying that a lot recently just
trying to find some numeric way to
quantify my joy of discovering this item
to a spades uh irrelevant I'll tell you
what as a show of gratitude for having
given me so many hearts here let's go
check out our curse room where we're
going to fight Krampus and hopefully
he'll die like right now otherwise we're
in for a nightmare time and it's not
even close to well it's kind of close to
Halloween I guess lump of coal also not
worth much we're still at six spirit
hearts and this is all run like this
this ends when a run normally ends so we
got a lot of life ahead of us
fortunately it's a beautiful day don't
get hit by Bob's brains beautiful day
you know most people aren't crazy about
new ish you two I recognize that for
many of you that song probably came out
when you were zero years old but for me
you know it's after you two took a
hiatus after Achtung Baby or whatever
I still think beautiful day is an okay
song but I'm on the u2 apologist
apparent everybody else is like have you
seen South Park
I hate Bono he has big poops I think
Bono's a little pretentious but say
you're allowed to be pretentious when
you've donated like hundreds of millions
of dollars to charity everyone wants
like this guy who's like hey by the way
I think that like AIDS is the biggest
problem facing the world and I'm doing a
lot about it but I'm not gonna be
pretentious so just say hey cool
whatever you say dude I don't know if
technology zero is gonna do anything for
us I'm not trying to defend him for
being pretentious because I would like
to think that if I had Bill Gates money
I would just give like a billion dollars
to a cause and then be like add don't
worry about it I handled it but I also I
think the people are like yeah he
donated a hundred million dollars the
AIDS relief but at the same time he's
kind of a jerk so I think that relative
balance is self out he's like a zero in
most people's heads because he's
philanthropic but he just won't shut up
about it but admittedly most of the
reason I cut bono some slack for that is
because I still think pride in the name
of love is like a ten out of ten song
one of the best rock songs of the 1980s
Joshua Tree is a great album you choose
not my favorite band ever especially
like almost everything that they've done
since the year 2000 I've kind of hated
but you know between like 1980 and 1995
all they all give them a pass no
question we got a check at this point
you know we stand nothing we stand to
gain nothing by rushing we have our holy
mantle active as of yet so might as well
continue to kind of press forward and
maybe through the other directions as
well if we want to deal damage
effectively we need sad bombs at this
point because with static tears sad
bombs would be even stronger in fact we
in the hindsight we should have stuck
with Tammy's head but there was no way
for us to know that in advance and jar
of flies is still very good as well I
just I kind of overestimated what jar of
flies would do because most of our
damage is being done by the harbingers
so the one decision we made
doubtlessly correct on this run was
taking seven seals like without that it
would be in a much tighter spot yeah yet
another like semi difficult challenge
it's going quite well right now but you
know things can change
made a lot more HP than me lost there I
don't want to reroll my whole run not on
a challenge at least one bomb for two
keys cut the kind of trade that could be
relevant one day but not in you know
challenge city where the grass is green
and the girls are pretty similarly
speaking very sorry about this but
mostly we just I mean the spirit hearts
glory is but also I just want that extra
deal with the devil chance similarly
very sorry about this oh that right it
doesn't give you any more after that
that's correct
boom bowl mix a lot of movies most of
them are a little poopy Hoover Bowl
why don't I pronounce your name like you
bowled just cuz I can't get the song by
Aerosmith out of my head there don't
rank down home come on up and see me I
always say my head's always like
bustling with parodies and I was like
what rhymes with doll well kind of like
bowl cute like a bubble made a film
about blood rain over bowl put the
critics through pain over bone sees the
guy the German director made all those
movies Oh
guppies power will become a kitty say
this run from being hey now you can't
say that on YouTube in 2017 God please
Powell never gonna do me never do me
never gonna do me never gonna do me
never do me never dummy like you're
never gonna do me never do me before
Aerosmith man dude give me bono over
Steven Tyler any day of the week dude is
like 60 years old he made a tweet that
said ladies as long as I still have this
face you'll always have a place to sit
that's just like I'm not trying to be
negative about you know biology I'm just
saying
dad who let you out of your home you're
not supposed to be tweeting vile stuff
like that on judge's orders right but
bottles kind of pretentious so I will
I'll meet you halfway there well I mean
this it's causing me some problems I'm
sorry I shot at my my friend their
paralysis huh well
this is a debatably pretty bad decision
admittedly let me out for free please
I will check for red Ches I will still
go for it cuz we haven't seen Guppies
head right all right no we haven't seen
Guppies say we I mean we didn't get it
here either way but as much as this
sounds like way too much work we should
actually try to last-hit cuz if we can
last hit we get flies back are we
getting doubled oh no I was never mind I
was gonna say I know we had we have car
battery on this run to the last run
either way I thought we were getting two
flies maybe we get two flies from bosses
and one fly from non bosses
I thought maybe car battery it obviously
doesn't give you double the flies for
maybe you could gain the flies twice as
quickly which would comp or something
sort of similar shot nice shot we're
good and the blister not very good
acceptable oh you're burning the other
even like at this point an orbital would
be pretty good any enemy that has to be
hit quickly is a real problem right now
not as much of a problem as these guys
are good pill please infested great pill
on a room with poop but apparently those
poops don't count my mistake still get a
long and winding road in front of us
here next floor is gonna be Scholl we're
getting a little like trying not to lose
focus
good good good good flies good flies
more bombs brains please come on just
crush him you got flies you got the
ability Creed flies over there you
waiting on me to do your dirty work for
you
good job you finished it off there's no
way we're going to the hush fight that
would be madness instead we went up to
the Cathedral wait a minute okay so this
is one that goes to the chest not the
dark room we do want to potential we
want to potentially stop by the mob trap
room in case there's red chests or stone
chests or golden chests really any
chests except for default in mimic one
stone chest I don't think does it for me
though I'm I don't think it's quite
strong enough evey for me to justify
going in there what if it has guppy
everyone's genius what if it has guppy
what if it doesn't how about that you
ever consider that one
good work keep it up
proud of you that why go this way it was
like very apparent this was less likely
to be the right direction still got it
done I'm not going back for that I'll go
back for it zero point seven speed is
bad though it was it wasn't worth it
except that we didn't get hit by not
getting hit we made it worth it landed
one yes landed two got three let's uh
let's use bombs to get this young nasty
man out of here
yeah it's working I mean we don't we
don't need the bombs so wasting some
means nothing and I mean sure we took a
little damage there we got more back but
that was it would have been better if it
had not gone exactly that way get these
explosive flies out of here please
there we go no no no no perks great pill
we've almost got this one just keep your
head on a swivel slightly longer the
next one is Pride Day I can't remember
specifically what that one is but I
almost remember like we're coming into
the point where my memory can actually
access data that far back because it's
relatively recent as compared to rebirth
challenges at least to stand right in
the middle good choice I've remembered
being not a hard challenge this one I
remember being a bit of a hard challenge
and I think that that you know it's
basically fit the bill here the real
bummer is no BFF like if we get BFF on
this one bosses are dying in like two
hits bad damage unfortunately
Harbinger is crushing it though I just
wish you'd crushed it a little bit more
frequently
get out of here orange fly I don't want
you how come he don't want me man maybe
because you explode next to me as soon
as you see an enemy nearly kill me dude
all right
Kurt's probably for a room that's tough
already but this would be a great time
to just get some good items right off
the bat not it not it not it so none of
these do anything for us almost unless
they give us stat changes that we can
benefit from so I'm actually gonna get
rid of Jarrah flies for forget-me-now
basically trade Jarrah flies for four
more items still like largely not very
good but we did get a spear and heart
out of it
I will stand by that being the right
decision range down irrelevant health up
very very relevant
[Music]
I'm just gonna call it like I see it by
the way I think we kind of and I still
think we have a good chance to win we've
kind of gotten screwed on this run like
especially on this room particular it's
really highlighting it what am I
supposed to do we have 0.7 speed and we
can only shoot three Bob's brains so we
do have 30 bombs we have 30 default
bombs I will never deny the existence of
those but I am kind of at a loss for
like what my alternative abilities to
deal damage are bulgar tears don't do
anything for us kind of trapped in here
I can't believe we got out don't be
afraid to save some bombs you might need
those to slow war down
NoHo Ruka I'm sorry I woke you up but
this is getting very harrowing the tower
card well we get a spirit heart if we
kill you last
now hook get out of here you are an
actual jerk okay I don't like to use the
J word lightly but you deserved it there
please please just how can you miss
targets like this this quick like this
frequently they're huge destroy them
so what's the game plan very simple
don't get hit make it to the blue baby
fight use perks on the blue baby fight
perks and recreation it's a long way to
the top though if we want to rock and
roll we got several rooms to go but I
think we're probably going the right way
it is nice we kind of got like a little
baseline for our damage there apparently
three Bob's brains is exactly enough to
kill a boss nothing but I'm not gonna
actually be upset about getting nothing
from a boss at this point because the
alternative is less likely to be getting
something and more likely to be taking
damage how do you thread the needle like
that
that's actually upsetting thank you
thank you for the Flies what is this
you guys are you're in the wrong video
game 16 bombs left try to split the
difference please no enemies that rush
us thank you we got we chose the right
direction
we're not hit by an exploding fly but I
walked into a single shot
they don't make them as disappointed as
I am right now anymore what expression
makes no sense
[Music]
not like this you got to hit the flies
this should be an easy issue keep the
flies obey let the Harb Harbinger do
what it does
the missus are stacking up and they're
making me sad no exploding flies please
[Music]
sorry this requires extreme focus quiet
for the runner please just a single
spirit heart that's it that's all we
need to give us a good shot as is we're
playing low-percentage sports here hey
get this fly out of here speed up is
actually real nice we're gonna try for
secret rooms which is debatably kind of
a bad decision with our limited amount
of remaining HP
[Music]
while we looked so get this exploding
fly out of here please
thank you why pop hurts because why not
is the the real reason does nothing for
us but nothing against us either oh I
actually am mad okay we throw away some
HP that we shouldn't have thrown away
but we also straight up I think we got
garbage on that run either way thanks
for watching for now I hope you guys
enjoyed the episode we'll be back to do
that one on our second pass sometime
around October maybe if you enjoyed the
episode click the like button upset a
great deal of course subscribe you wanna
see more in future for now thanks
watching and I will see you next time